you're absolutely right that the
existing assumptions behind Educational
Systems are that the purpose of
education is to transmit valuable
knowledge
Faithfully
from one generation to the next
basically from people who already have
that knowledge to people who don't so
that knowledge is Con is is conceived of
as a kind of
valuable fluid which you pour from one
generation to the next you'd like pour
it into their brains and if it doesn't
work it can only be because either you
haven't poured it carefully enough or
because they've rejected it
and notice that this is
entirely authoritarian
in the epistemological sense it assumes
that there's an authority for knowledge
namely the previous holders
and that the only role of the learner
is to receive that knowledge yeah you
know that they can make exceptions that
you know once you unders once you've
understood everything then you're
allowed to form your own new theories or
something or attack the problems at the
edge of the subject but as I said before
there is no edge of subjecting my old
boss John Wheeler used to say about
physics but it's true of everything
that every point is a growth point
every point is a potential source of
problems
whether it's near the edge of what is
known or in the interior which is the
known for centuries anything can be a
source of problems and may be subject to
replacement